# Spencer Krum


Hi,

I am Spencer Krum. I offer my candidacy to the VoxPupuli PMC. I have
been involved in the Puppet community for several years. I was part of
VoxPupuli(Puppet Community back then) from the very start.

I led the charge on getting our name changed to something that didn't
infringe on the Puppet trademark. I helped facilitate the conversation
around the need for governance, then I went on to be the primary
author of the governance document.

Technically, I've given numerous presentations on Puppet, written many
modules, and done more 2.7->3.x site wide upgrades than I care to
remember. I've not written a single line of Puppet 4 only code.
I wrote the second edition of Pro Puppet from Apress and I am involved
in much of the OpenStack related Puppet activity. I wrote and run
PCCI.

I am a constant fixture in the irc channel, I like that our little
group keeps a conversational and friendly tone. Fun and jokes keep our
community from taking itself too seriously and can help new
contributors feel welcome.

I am really proud to be part of this community. When we first started
there was some concern that it wouldn't be around for very long. Then
people said things like "Isn't that where modules go to die?" And now
the community is bigger and stronger than ever. I don't have data, but
it seems that a lot of the work is now being done by people who
weren't around at the start, and that is one of the most important
metrics of FOSS success.

I am interested in continuing to help lead this group. If elected:

 - I will be a staunch enforcer of our Code of Conduct.
 - I will work to get VoxPupuli inside the Software Freedom
   [Conservancy].
 - I will work to get closer ties with Puppet, Inc. and other FOSS and
   commercial entities.
 - I will work to make the contributions of our members more visible.

I believe that a community like ours should be self-governing. Once
the governance document has 'settled' (I anticipate a significant
churn in the first year), I will advocate for removing the PMC's
ability to modify the governance document directly, and force
direct-democracy to be used for governance changes.


| [Github][g] | [Twitter][t] | [Website][w] |
| ----------- | ------------ | ------------ |

[g]:https://github.com/nibalizer
[t]:https://twitter.com/nibalizer
[w]:http://spencerkrum.com
[Conservancy]:http://sfconservancy.org/
